remove dev warning (#184)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/how-tos/wireguard-s2s.rst

Step 1 - Installation
---------------------

> Install the plugin as usual, refresh and page and the you'll find the client 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the plugin as usual, refresh and page and the you will find the client 
```
